less than an accident submission i cant
restarting its central michigan
university is now sending european
history in germany and action center
graduate degree germany and she explains
why in this next video let's watch
i had
when i say it's not finished university
in outsiders break glass
but i have three three tabs to make ends
meet tonight not having to support my
family whatsoever
associates and scholarships hopefully
through and users as you've got people
to do that without
loans
and uh... process request that the bad
guy wasn't able to afford to do a
master's customs and you can sense which
is about the cause them to you
and uh... i was just not able to afford
in the last thing i would have been in
that
so i thought that uh... about sites that
but that's the way i can go and i
figured maybe europe would be the best
option
and uh... i universe the faster and
faster is on the border between a
journey that might
bad five girls persons at his work on my
feet there's no such thing and having a
bad situation absolutely no need to take
for one semester
and that's a specificity classes as you
can take that you don't pay per credit
society that sent and half of the fee
pays for the puck expectations and finds
that at sxsw i technically only paid
forty euro that's like fifty seventy
dollars late absolutely nothing
absolutely nothing and uh... actually
the item is such a good life here i
don't pay so much for rent needs to give
you a two hundred a month and then by
also have the best health insurance i
was not able to afford health insurance
when i was in the united states but an
engine you have something uh... as a
student discounts to get health
insurance in his full coverage
for seventy seven euro
prayer
that is an incredible story and to be on
studio i'm very surprised that germany
is willing to extends it such a great
service to you americans were traveling
abroad right eileen under the assumption
that if you are sitting in the united
states and you decide you want to travel
abroad in those countries they will
charge you tuition up through the roof
because if they didn't all this and you
have all these american students
flocking to your country and you know
taking advantage of the awesome system
that you have their another three
minutes away from that video is that the
united states is embarrassing her is so
embarrassing that we have students now
who have to travel abroad to get into
unaffordable education and don't get me
wrong i'm glad that she's getting her
education in niger many because as she
mentioned she standards studying
european history
and she's in her masters in that which i
commend you for i think that's great at
the same time so i can make you made it
very much money balls on the work i mean
i guess fear the morning and gave me a
professor
unnaturally a horrible person and just
tell you what the facts are european
history
it's very unlikely that you are gonna
make a ton of money from that major
cities in europe
was to stay there
maybe to come in handy
maybe if you will work in the email
adults you think i had since the majors
are as part of the what exactly someone
can do
diplomat with
uh... but you know what they may be slow
things that's worth inviting alamo you
know the makeup or or of the country
living but
you know we say whenever there is
evidence that comes our country
civil action by the end and make it a
place where they want to be which is we
can always used to be in this country
they contribute to our society and makes
the country stronger
maybe that's idea enough i don't know if
it's the decided to invite or how long
this type of set up a thing going on
busting butt in open people from
different countries
and then they contribute to this aside i
mean if you feel better medication there
and you eventually get a base for being
there may be a comfortable enough in
this double a move
right would be surprise if she stated
that i you know when you consider the
health care costs below grants
i don't know i don't think it's
considered i wonder many sounds awesome
rabbit i wonder what part of the minute
i wonder what kind of a permissive day
that i mean
is that i wouldn't think that at the
bookstore expand wouldn't i wouldn't
soon as we know is this
nominees and i should have known i don't
think that is different from country to
country and other if you want to travel
to denmark to pay the low tuition cost
that they have there
you good luck right there they're gonna
charge a lot more if you received was
you know traveling abroad uh... but
if you go our programs in europe that
make education is affordable take
advantage of them i think that's great
and not only that it makes you more
called by adding culturally aware andy a
traveling to another country i think is
the best educational experience that you
could possibly get honestly i learned a
lot in college night i'd never learned
as much as they did in the one month
that i was in europe and i've traveled
all throughout europe and you just get
the sense of
how small you are how little you know if
you kind of develop this thirst for
uh... enlightenment and not like formal
higher education i'm talking about you
wanna learn more about the world today
and she studied with roots in bombay yes
i mean if they don't do you say that's
the thing that's why i think maybe it
means to me being ok with thirty eight
your district and the messages
their you've been learning about where
you where you are long mojave you know
how it came to be
and by the maybe there's future as
recently as about connected
but i mean if you there may be that
there's some kind of easter so if you
happen the way you know there's a new
study engineering
or you can there are no plans available
right isn't that yeah it makes sense to
going out to a study european history
right an annual i'm not knocking on a
major airline hope you guys understand
that the only thing i'm saying is that
regardless of how hard it is too early
to greater major how important are major
might be it's not one of those
profitable majors rights so it's very
smart for her to go to affordable
college to get her at masters degree as
opposed to stay in the united states
racking up the tremendous amount of
student loans and then working as a
professor anti-big keep in mind
professors are really getting hired very
much right now
and not be able to pearson loans that
would be a disaster